I think we are very bad in the
get in the game quickly
the goat bit dreamed
and then these games I think
concentrated on having done a great job
worked the game turned and then
Unfortunately the third goal was not made and
then the danger is that you have one against
tricks and at the end again
did not know what was there
it happens is you have again
analyze but then you stand here before
Such a backdrop with 2 2 is annoying
I think it was a very combative
hard where both teams deal
have invested
we have to after in the second
halftime we can maybe
getting out of balance relatively early
But the goal of the league must be too
subsequently pave the sack and took
there is no longer the problem out there
that we are the 2 2 I think on the whole
as well as the better team
but we have to deal with everything
Defend consistency and there is
terribly annoying and bitter that was
that was the other way around
but we have to look ahead
And that will not be our goal
discourage
yes, we knew that aggressive team
where everything through the fight is now with
many long balls second balls and that
Did we stop and yes we were there
prepared as I said, I think
our game was not bad
maybe more consistent then
defend together and we have
unfortunately twice failed today
I believe that the gameplay of
Ceramics permanently on top and
Slap yourself in every fight
after the body is clean though the ball is gone
is and we knew that before us
We have to be prepared and we have to
Do not really have it bad
I did that I am training
training every now and then 33 eleven meters
after training with jana peters
and yes enough for me so far well over there
the yellow card because it is in my view
really push forward and I'm just making me
bronze
I know what you saw there but yes
it will be a new game for us
well prepare ours
body care was a hard week and
then we will plan it all out
unfortunately, I'm 100 percent locked
but yes I will push the thumb and
hope then that we in a threesome
we may still be missing next
yes, I am self-confident, we are
have enough experience in the team
and we are self-confident how to do that
next week clear